Add missing sections (#1476)
pivotal/docs-tap: api-auto-registration/installation.hbs.md

1. Locate the TAP GUI url

>     When running on a full profile tap cluster, the default value of TAP GUI url should be sufficient. But you may still want to modify this to match the externally available FQDN of TAP GUI to make the entity url saved within each resource to be navigable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When running on a full profile tap cluster, the default value of TAP GUI url should be sufficient. But you may still want to modify this to match the externally available FQDN of TAP GUI to make the entity url displayed within in APIDescriptor status to be externally accessible.
```

    Verify that all status conditions are resolved to `TRUE` when describing the resource:

    ```console
    kubectl get apidescriptor sample-api-descriptor-with-absolute-url -oyaml | yq .status.conditions
    ```

    You can also get succinct info by running the following commands.
    ```console
    kubectl get apidescriptors
    NAME                                       STATUS
    sample-api-descriptor-with-absolute-url    Ready

    kubectl get apidescriptors -owide
    NAME                                       STATUS    TAP GUI ENTITY URL     API SPEC URL
    sample-api-descriptor-with-absolute-url    Ready     <url-to-the-entity>    <url-to-the-api-spec>
    ```

>     Verify that the entity is created successfully in your TAP GUI: `<TAP_GUI_URL>/catalog/default/api/sample-api-descriptor-with-absolute-url`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Verify that the entity is created successfully in your TAP GUI with the TAP GUI entity URL you get from above `<url-to-the-entity>`
```
